{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2638
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 AppleBraille;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red20\green20\blue21;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c10196\c10196\c10588;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\'00;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww21840\viewh13860\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 {\listtext	1	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Edit config.plist
\f1\b0 \cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 In order for the Command-Line SnapShot Mounter to work, you need the following lines in your OC config.plist changed:\'a0\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\f2 \cb3 \uc0\u10240 
\f1 \cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 - Misc --> Security --> 
\f0\b SecureBootModel: Disabled
\f1\b0 \cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 - NVRAM --> Add --> 7C436110-AB2A-4BBB-A880-FE41995C9F82 --> 
\f0\b csr-active-config: EF0F0000
\f1\b0 \cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	2	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Restart and reset NVRAM
\f1\b0 \cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 The option should show up in the bootpicker. If it doesn't, you may need to set "HideAuxillary" to False in your config.plist.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	3	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Mount Snapshot
\f1\b0 \cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Start Command-Line SnapShot Mounter and press A. Find out the APFS Volume that contains your MacOS-installation, it should be around 15.9GB large. Write the identifier of said volume (eg. disk2s6) in the field and press enter. Close the Finder-window that pops up.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	4	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Install Kexts
\f1\b0 \cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Return to the main menu and press B. Press n to both Framework and PrivateFrameworks, we just want the last option - kext installation. Select the files from #3 in step 1. After it's done, close the program.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	5	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Install SmallTree-I211-AT-patch.kext
\f1\b0 \cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Simply copy the kext from #2 in step 1 your EFI/OC/kexts folder, and press CMD-R in ProperTree to adjust your config to your newly installed kext.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	6	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Restart}